add implementation of permissions inputs (#217)
actions/create-github-app-token: README.md

> [!NOTE]
> If `owner` is set and `repositories` is empty, access will be scoped to all repositories in the provided repository owner's installation. If `owner` and `repositories` are empty, access will be scoped to only the current repository.

### `permission-<permission name>`

> **Optional:** The permissions to grant to the token. By default, the token inherits all of the installation's permissions. We recommend to explicitly list the permissions that are required for a use case. This follows GitHub's own recommendation to [control permissions of `GITHUB_TOKEN` in workflows](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/writing-workflows/choosing-what-your-workflow-does/controlling-permissions-for-github_token). The documentation also lists all available permissions, just replace e.g. `pull-requests` with `permission-pull-requests`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Optional:** The permissions to grant to the token. By default, the token inherits all of the installation's permissions. We recommend to explicitly list the permissions that are required for a use case. This follows GitHub's own recommendation to [control permissions of `GITHUB_TOKEN` in workflows](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/writing-workflows/choosing-what-your-workflow-does/controlling-permissions-for-github_token). The documentation also lists all available permissions, just prefix the permission key with `permission-` (e.g., `pull-requests` → `permission-pull-requests`).
```

> **Optional:** The permission level to grant to the token. By default, the token inherits all the installation's permissions. We recommend to explicitly list the permissions that are required for a use case. This follow's GitHub's own recommendation to [control permissions of `GITHUB_TOKEN` in workflows](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/writing-workflows/choosing-what-your-workflow-does/controlling-permissions-for-github_token). The documentation also lists all available permissions, just replace e.g. `pull-requests` with `permission-pull-requests`.

Author: ```suggestion
**Optional:** The permissions to grant to the token. By default, the token inherits all of the installation's permissions. We recommend to explicitly list the permissions that are required for a use case. This follows GitHub's own recommendation to [control permissions of `GITHUB_TOKEN` in workflows](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/writing-workflows/choosing-what-your-workflow-does/controlling-permissions-for-github_token). The documentation also lists all available permissions, just replace e.g. `pull-requests` with `permission-pull-requests`.
```
